the common Krait found throughout most
of India is one of the world's most
venomous land snakes and it seems to be
particularly inclined to enter houses
snakes often come into a home on the
trail of a meal
but the common Krait for reasons unknown
has gained a reputation for biting
people in their sleep a crate bite is
painless its Fanbox small but almost
undetectable fast-acting powerful
neurotoxic venom brings on paralysis and
if untreated death the victim simply
never wakes and few clues are left as to
the reason
[Music]
many tribal people believe that snake
coils up on the chest of the victim then
sucks their breath away as simple as in
a way accurate descriptions of
respiratory failure
you